Blue Moon, I Saw You Standing In The Ice Cream Aisle…
Published on October 07, 2007.
I was at Meijer today doing some grocery shopping.
Because that’s what adults do, apparently.
Anyway, I’m almost out of ice cream, so I thought I’d buy some more.
I picked up a flavor called “Blue Moon” that I thought I’ve had before, but maybe not.
Wikipedia says it’s a flavor that’s particular to the Michiganish area.
Apparently it doesn’t have a concrete flavor, with different brands flavoring the ice cream in different ways.
I think it tastes sorta vanilla-ish, and after I read that it’s sorta “fruit loop-ish” I believe that, too.
What’s the point of this post?
I dunno. I do know one thing: Meijer uses Garfield as some kind of brand mascot, and Garfield is the least funny comic I have ever read in my entire life.